README.md, before:

![logo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c22685b6-34e2-4a00-8f02-bf676dc43f43)
![ggjlogo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76aada52-d693-4304-b4a3-34a50d2af38f)

## Global Game Jam 2025: Bubble Breakout!

https://github.com/deBaked/RubberDucky

## Project description

This project is a game submitted as part of the Global Game Jam 2025. This project is a game that was completed over 3 days of development.

Bath times over! It time for escape!!!! Join Mote the duck as you help guide her to escape the bathroom. Collect her ducklings and float to freedom in this new and exciting game!

### Control Scheme:

This game has been designed to work with a Wii Remote but will also work with WASD on your keyboard.

### Meet the Team:

[Bryoni Spencer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryoni-spencer/):
- 3D Models
- Textures
- 2D Sprites

[Daisy Baker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daibak08/):
- Mother Duck movement system
- Wiimote control implementation
- Duckling behaviour
- General Animations

[Steven Sizer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-sizer-06873323b/):
- Level Design
- Level enhancements + lighting
- VFXs Design and Creation
- Design Documentation

[Joseph Dawes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-dawes-2bb870196/):
- Menu systems
- Scene transitions
- End screen functionality
- Audio design

## Project dependencies

To run this repo, ensure you have:

* Unity (Version: 2023.2.20f1)

## Terms of use

Rubber Ducky is licensed under an [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

All assets in the project were created by ourselves or sourced from free to use asset stores.

All assets created by ourselves are licensed under [Creative Commons BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Used Flafla2's Unity Wiimote API : https://github.com/Flafla2/Unity-Wiimote

### Audio
- Sound track used in the main game level was created by Bertsz, available [here](https://freesound.org/people/Bertsz/sounds/671900/) under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).
- Sound track used in the main menu screen was created by Seth_Makes_Sounds, available [here](https://freesound.org/people/Seth_Makes_Sounds/sounds/655515/) under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).
- All sound effects are foley work provided by Joseph Dawes's mouth.

### Artwork
- All artwork including 3d and 2d modelling and texturing was created by ourselves.

### Branding
- Our studio logo was created using a free to use branding generator for GNOME apps called [Emblem](https://apps.gnome.org/en-GB/Emblem/).
- The icon itself is from a free to use SVG icon service called [SVGrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/) from the [Duck Animals SVG Vector](https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/176710/duck-animals) licensed under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).

---

Commit message:

Update README.md, Added link to font

README.md, after:

![logo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c22685b6-34e2-4a00-8f02-bf676dc43f43)
![ggjlogo](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76aada52-d693-4304-b4a3-34a50d2af38f)

## Global Game Jam 2025: Bubble Breakout!

https://github.com/deBaked/RubberDucky

## Project description

This project is a game submitted as part of the Global Game Jam 2025. This project is a game that was completed over 3 days of development.

Bath times over! It time for escape!!!! Join Mote the duck as you help guide her to escape the bathroom. Collect her ducklings and float to freedom in this new and exciting game!

### Control Scheme:

This game has been designed to work with a Wii Remote but will also work with WASD on your keyboard.

### Meet the Team:

[Bryoni Spencer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bryoni-spencer/):
- 3D Models
- Textures
- 2D Sprites

[Daisy Baker](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daibak08/):
- Mother Duck movement system
- Wiimote control implementation
- Duckling behaviour
- General Animations

[Steven Sizer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-sizer-06873323b/):
- Level Design
- Level enhancements + lighting
- VFXs Design and Creation
- Design Documentation

[Joseph Dawes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseph-dawes-2bb870196/):
- Menu systems
- Scene transitions
- End screen functionality
- Audio design

## Project dependencies

To run this repo, ensure you have:

* Unity (Version: 2023.2.20f1)

## Terms of use

Rubber Ducky is licensed under an [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

All assets in the project were created by ourselves or sourced from free to use asset stores or we have licenses for.

All assets created by ourselves are licensed under [Creative Commons BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

### APIs
- Used Flafla2's Unity Wiimote API found [here](https://github.com/Flafla2/Unity-Wiimote).

### Audio
- Sound track used in the main game level was created by Bertsz, available [here](https://freesound.org/people/Bertsz/sounds/671900/) under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).
- Sound track used in the main menu screen was created by Seth_Makes_Sounds, available [here](https://freesound.org/people/Seth_Makes_Sounds/sounds/655515/) under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).
- All sound effects are foley work provided by Joseph Dawes's mouth.

### Artwork
- All artwork including 3d and 2d modelling and texturing was created by ourselves.

### Branding
- Our studio logo was created using a free to use branding generator for GNOME apps called [Emblem](https://apps.gnome.org/en-GB/Emblem/).
- The icon itself is from a free to use SVG icon service called [SVGrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/) from the [Duck Animals SVG Vector](https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/176710/duck-animals) licensed under a [Creative Commons 0 license](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).

### Font
- The font we used is the 'Bubblegum' font created by Thomas Ziller which can be found [here](https://www.dafont.com/bubblegum.font) under a shareware license (Fee paid for by Joseph Dawes)

---
